Namaste NASA Sardi Good evening how are you? Good, how are you? Yeah, I'm doing good, thank you happy all those 500 States one country that is why BJP people decided to celebrate his birthday as a unity day okay, so what's happening? There actually many things are happening our resigned officially in June month what? Some clash between chairman and our Sonic so some terms were not good and we are trying to control the functions here when he was not clearly having idea of the engineering business some issues were there all just saw me, told me out of the station at the time of leaving I also don't know because I have not heard the other side of the story no, we are himself trying to take more control on team he tries to bypass for me and he tried to take approval from Carmen and he tries to do something on his own So some issues were there and things are not okay sounds are not okay between chairman and Swami given resignation then we found some job also in Bombay or maybe after job only he resigned we don't know that story finally he left three months noticed June 1 he resigned but I think June without any information anybody just left he just gave the mobile to somebody laptop to someone like that he left actually oh my God, that way? Yeah, that way only that way he stays closer to my house only around 4 km only So on the way I have to cross his home then I have to reach my house actually So that time he asked me to ride so I only dropped him but that time he did not reveal but after dropping that time he revealed actually during the car rental but we were seeing all he was giving some paper laptop to it all but we cannot see our boss but he only revealed that I handed over everything I'm leaving all it all actually So without completing 15 days notice where he left then he is in completely bad books and of course he has done many things I was there earlier which added a lot of fire So now they are touching somebody in CEOs kind of position they are successful in locating somebody also but they are keeping it confidential so then they start they slowly working on to whom they can control, whom they can remove similarly, some clash happened with Chat SRK also left SRK left actually a new person no, Linga Nadan is not a new person Linga is a bit old man actually he's there in the company for quite some time he's a retired man I will Shari is a photo to you maybe you may be aware because Linga actually he was traveling on his retirement on extension basis so his extension also some lot of decent related issues were there suddenly what do you call me? Selling all to go so your retirement this thing is effective so no longer extension can be given. 15th or so SRK has been removed and the new business development GM has been taken and the new senior manager projects has been taken. So our Abujit theory of concern is having a lot of role to play here and our VR also played something. So what's going on? We don't know now they hired a new senior manager from LNT to lead PMO. He joined on September 15. Actually one more person who joined in October 1 week he designated US Manager. Contracts on time delivery and LD will be focused by contract manager and other areas will be focused by this senior manager PMO. So my role also been diluted actually a bit suffocated also and salary central. I've been taken very in. What do you call without any streamlined way like I'm getting something but say two times of me equal amount of experience. But all these two times like it has been taken. This is for senior manager. Like there is no rationalization. So some kitchen is going on. We are not comfortable frankly speaking. So I am also looking for a change and just a very hot update. I also given my waivers two days before so I'm just in mid of negotiation with the two or three companies. So mostly I feel end up somewhere. What do you got to offer somewhere? I'm going to get actually in two, three places. I'm in closer discussion with two, three places everywhere. They are telling around 30 to 40 days only they can wait because they are getting plenty of people from the market and nowadays more people have created BMB also because of the coverage situation and other things. Application is not going for audit. So many advantages there. So now competition is also with the heat. Since I have options or more. I've taken a calculated risk and I have just given my papers put in dialogues with HR. Whether this one should I have any other possibility is there a lot of things are there? What's the case? If they call me to call me and discuss what is there in the plan? Why they have taken contract manager, why they have taken senior manager? What is there in the plan? All if it is convinced and they try to do something, then I will also think but I'm not sure that our own company that feeling is not there actually speaking. So somebody else is driving mind. It's like that was the last interaction. I keep talking after two, three months I'll talk to him, but the chairman I do not talk, okay? I do not know who is driving his mind but when I discuss with him he's a friend so I discuss just friendly. I do not discuss any business and all those kind of things with him at all. Okay. So I was not aware about all these things. Neither he asked me nor I asked him just normal talk. What is happening. Yeah. Understood. How your business going in quantitative? I do not discuss about team at all. But this time is not okay. But whatever system we developed. No the systems are in place. We are using the same PWA. We are using the SharePoint recently. Also I just small graphics in session on how to behave in DSM. So how to behave in DCM in daily stand up. Daily send ups are happening at the PWA system exist our mechanism of making the schedule and publishing the schedule that is working perfectly. Working as for the same SOP, Dhcm also working as for the same SOP and also all the project initiation project designing all those things have been followed. What's not been followed is the top coat systems is not been followed. Then issue register and risk register has not been followed. I can register is not been followed. Instead we went for another kind of a sheet where it's like Google sheet actually. So where everybody can enter, they have a free access, everybody can enter and they can close their own points. There itself we are. What do you call it? Categorically giving. Whether it is a low priority, high priority or medium priority thing, whether it is action item or issue or risk like that and aging. Also it is coming there. So in that movie meeting we are closing then and there only. And we have created some dashboard also using a small XL Pivots and this form of water. So just it shows the Department wise what is the percentage completion and in terms of age, in terms of owners, in terms of project managers. So it will give the split. Also building. Also it is linked actually since that Excel sheet we went and it is online. It's available online. So action register is this register. We are not updating. This is not happening. And task card system is not happening. As I told man, our data entry is not happening. Actually for every project we are having a close out report. Now close up meeting we are having. If it is a small project, two, three projects combined we are having. If it is a bit bigger project, then we are having it dedicated. In the close out meeting we are taking the time data from ERP and cost data from finance kind of thing. So that's the time entry. I don't know where you still live or not. We used to take the Oracle data for Manhouse and we publish it. That is not. We are doing some Excel sheet. Excel Sheet correct. So now kind of you can say around 60%. We are following this thing. The system whatever established and the theory of consent is going in a way the concept called the full kit, but the full pit is so far there is no single food generated for any of the project. As a concept it's good. But whether it is successful or not in team that is with question Mark actually I know but I'm forced to say yes because their team is a very small startup company. I'm not supposed to do any bad moving over them. So I'm forced to say yes. But in reality whether the success is there or not it's something really fishy that even the measuring factor measuring scale is not established actually in my opinion. But they are attacking me. So since I am questioning them directly they are pointing there they want to keep me as rate actually especially from last month. But the same guy who is coming from Mumbai same exactly. But they are not talking to each other actually they are not talking to each other. And Tommy says their process is over. They are no longer required but they want to continue the business. So they bypass the him and went to chairman and renewed the contract for another six months or something in the April May. So Swami was disappointed and since their consultants their freshness is lost. So now we don't need them anymore. We can use their principle and we can see what best to be done. We don't need them anymore actively that's what we told her. But they bypassed him and they went to Chairman and they engaged with the chairman now and they renewed the contract because they also cannot find any other new party in this code with this thing and they want to continue this business. So just for business purpose now they are doing many things. They are conducting an HOD meeting every Tuesday for 20 minutes. Every week 20 minutes they are having a meeting but next week again in the 20 minutes they are having the same thing kind of repeated of nothing new is added there. So from there only while you are conducting Ho meeting is there any validation is there is there anything added to the end customer or to the project? Otherwise it is a waste of manhours only apparently project manager so that commands he is not liking. So he just decided me from last month. So all these contract managers, senior manager projects all have joined. So I thought I will look for a change and I'm just keeping my feelings now you can say Abujitan company is having a major control in our functionally and decision making point of view. They have a major control over chairman. They are influencing Chairman's decision basically okay but then business page business has improved. If you see 2018 19 and 1920 was fantastic. We have done around 18 nine or something and if the Pobid was not there then the last ten days again we would have done some more. So you can say we have kind of touched 100 but kind of a mission was achieved. Actually the dream was achieved basically that is filled over from previous financial. Exactly. That was not the stand alone. So it was filled over from the previous financial year. So now was there but some of the cases we could able to overcome some LD overall. If you see the LD was around 2.5% or something, which is okay as a growing company, it's okay I think since many challenges were there even in financial front also that we could have we can reduce eventually for further to 1% or something in the next consecutive years. But that opportunity was not there because in this year same Lake last year, this year the orders below was around 40 Groves and the fresh order booked was around 2022 only. So far we have an order book of only 66. So meaning we will not even touch it at the same hundred what we have done last year actually. So it will go for another two years to touch the same again. The same thing will come whether it is a slow over or it is a standalone. All questions will come again. So there will not be a chance to prove our gap ability on a standalone potential here for another three years. So it is confusing now because of the inconsistency in order booking market is there in my point of view because all our competitors are booking but we are not able to book. That's what I can tell because people are also going out and so many people have left. Whoever you have seen, many people have left. Then one more person is there Naveen. I don't know if you remember or not Naveen at all. Just two three years of experience except Rajan. Nobody is there. All our new faces and PPC also Jay Chitra left, Ruben left this guy. Many people left. Anthony Rajkumar left. Some of the people have joined. So our Kalyan Kumar is there. San stage taking a lot of Sunday is okay. How Kalan is doing? Kalan is doing okay. He's doing a decent job. Not much complaints. So he's handling even SRK is managing well. Okay. But he's a positive guy compared to Srkalik. He has taken it very personally. Too much. He has taken too much personally. He could have avoided. I think he was all hitting to his health also. And he was taking too much personally. In fact that is what when I came there I was saying that you can explain me for my presence there because I'm close to all the people and then can get the things done. But then his own style of working that created problem for him. Otherwise he's a good person that way. Personally he's a very good person. Correct. But then only this on this personal front as rightly mentioned. But when it comes to these work deliverables, et cetera, it's not okay. Actually he's not a team player. He is not a team player. Correct. He is ego to be satisfied first. So if his ego is satisfied with somebody or by a particular statement from someone, then according to him that he is okay like these kind of person actually endless argument sometimes if it is fruitful, it is worth endless useless argument. Also, sometimes for the sake of the team, happily we need to say okay, no problem, you go and experiment. This one please go ahead. But no, this is the way. That is the way. And maybe because he needs to confront. And I don't know why he became like that earlier. When he came in the organization. We were in touch almost same time we came. So this is Amidi and me both came in the organization at the same time. I came one month before him and then after that I told that okay, let him see if you join and then I'll come. So he was very positive earlier. Yes. I think he was not able to take them stressed on other things after Jake that was distinct. After JK he was a completely different person. Actually. Even when JK was there, he was not comfortable even with JK. Correct. He was not comfortable with JK. Also, even JK used to complain about him. To me, your guy is just telling everybody everything like that. But he doesn't take any decision. Two, three times. It was a delegate for me. Too much turmoil going on nowadays in this team. Yeah, too much is going on. Frankly situation is not okay. Anyway, let's see how it will turn out and treat people very badly. Actually he never allowed anybody to go home. Happily he targeted people and the people all left. Most of the people have left without informing like that. Even after serving the notice period, there was no assurance that he has been given all the financial settlements and everything. Same thing happened with him. Same thing happened with him also. So Karma was backed by him and he was the same thing actually. So now he lost two months salary and whatever. Maybe a little holdings with the company. Everything is oiled. So financially, financially would have made a loss of at least ten months. He did not get further. These things would have lost something. But then he can make it. He can make it. If he goes somewhere within one month he can make that. How is your business? All okay. You are doing good. Actually. What happened is I decided to move into AI Shield. So then what happened is after that I have taken my master's register for master in artificial intelligence and machine learning. Okay. That is going and next week that is going to finish. Okay. My master is going to complete next week. Okay. So after that then let's see what to do. Either continue in the project management or go in AI or go in mix of something like that. Either consulting or job or something like that job. I'm not preferring much because they have their own kind of complexity. But then something good comes up. Let me see. Okay. More basically consulting, training, freelance opportunity where I have my own time, where I can write something my own rather than depending all the time on some one company and the managing team of that kind. That is different kind of thing. I have done that but then I don't want to do that now much. Okay. Let me see how life takes regarding this. Your CA P. M. No. Normally what happens if you are looking basically academic perspective. Just let us say you are doing MBA or something like that. That point of time Cam makes sense. Okay. Because you are looking for overall concept of project management, how it works, something like that. Basically what will happen is if you do see APM you will understand how it works. But we are working for some company and initially one year two year kind of experience. Okay. Or especially if company is European company and they are basically having their own setup processes that point of time prints to make sense. Understood. His son is doing studying bachelor's degree in Canada. Right. So he wants some vacation. Something is coming now. So he wants him to engage somewhere. So he thought since maybe he's nicely associated with us he thought that maybe project manager may be decent field for him. So now he wants to associate. He wants to nuxure that attitude in his mind and he wants to suggest a course. So he just asked me whether Princeton. I only told the CFD inclined towards the Princeton. Both are. Okay. That's what I'm saying. If you are looking from pure academics perspective Timber will get downloaded to him now. Oh yes. But if you are looking for practical implementation then prints two makes sense. If you want to know clear cut how a project would work because Pimp will not give you that idea. Okay. To implement the PIMB you need basically a different kind of mindset. Yes. That's why they are asking a minimum practical experience. We cannot even able to imagine how that identity works out how the tools and techniques works. One is basically that individual's experience. And second is that environment also in which you are working. If that environment is not supportive or conducive for the basically process driven or focus is not for process improvement, something like that. It becomes very difficult to go for PMP. Okay. Pimp implementation becomes difficult. It's a Democratic kind of framework. You decide what is good for you. Correct? And after defining it practice it. Correct. Friends too in that way is very rigid in that way. Okay. This is good and you do it. Okay? Understood. So this is good means then you need not to apply your mind what is good since you are telling them this must be good. So we must do it. And if things are not happening good then we cannot blame Prince. We should blame to our cell phone. We may not be implementing properly so we should implement that properly. We should fill that template. We should follow that process properly. But if PMI related things are failing. We challenge both hands is my understanding. Failing is my definition failing. Okay. If my definition is failing, I need to go back and redefine it. If it is defined properly, then why it is not giving me results. So maybe like I'm not able to implement it properly because of my not understanding that one, the PMP becomes challenging from that person. That is why the PMP is more from PMO perspective and PMO is there no correct. Some senior guy is there who understand to end he'll be able to import that one, correct. Prince, you can implement even two people are there. Both have done prints. They understand. What are those templates, what are those processes follow standard things are there. Okay, nice. In India, anybody is there who can do this principle thing online. I can suggest this for me so that we can take up further with him. If you know anybody from the good people, if you know in PMP after doing the training we tell people that, okay, you book your exam, do the preparation and you pass on your own. So we do not take any headache after training. Okay. In Prince Two, actually what happens is we need to take support of organization because still the time we do not pass the exam, we need to do that follow up. Oh really? Okay. Prince Two is like that one. So what will happen is if I say that okay, I do that training, then I need to register him, bring him into the class, I need to train him and I say okay, this is the exam, write this exam and I'm sure he passed. That is the foundation level if I want to take it in practitioner level, which may be a little difficult at this point of time. But then if it's possible then again another three days training. Okay, write this exam. So what happens is those people who are doing the training, they play the role of examination body also. That is what prints to. So I do this thing. But then I need to talk back to Zillow who was my partner for conducting exams directly or what they can do is what he can do is directly talk to somebody in thezillas is basically main body can talk to Quint and then Quint can do this online training for him and he can write it down. In fact Princeton is very easy to pass. Hello, I'm getting. I think Princeton is very easy to pass. It's not a difficult thing. It's not difficult. Maybe we can suggest him to go for that fundamental thing, right. Foundation thing. We can suggest him to go for prints to foundation that is basically easy to pass also. Easy to pass also and give him enough exposure. Okay. So you will be interested to train so you both can connect it. My problem is I can do the training. But the issue is exam needs to be done without it's not like PMP that after doing the exam I leave it so exam needs to be done through Atu understood so then you only need no help with energy what you can do is you can ask him to send me the requirement how many people where you are what do you want to do? Fine can write me an email actually okay people okay and then after I connect Quent and that person both can take that forward okay no problem I will tell me to connect in that way you can do that fine if you talk to him just tell him that I was saying Hi I want to talk with you okay? Yes everything is good your newborn why I had become old boy? Yeah.